README.md, before:

# MHFU/P3rd PMO Exporter

## Overview

Blender 3.6 addon to export models for the games Monster Hunter Freedom
Unite and Monster Hunter Portable 3rd for the Sony PSP console.

## Usage

You can get a clue on how to use this with this [pretty bad tutorial](https://youtu.be/qGSAnYVDiW0).

## Known bugs

Monster models for MHP3rd are not working.

## Credits

To [Seth VanHeulen](https://gitlab.com/svanheulen/)'s [(mhfz)](https://gitlab.com/svanheulen/mhff) and [*&](https://github.com/AsteriskAmpersand)'s [(PMO Importer)](https://github.com/AsteriskAmpersand/PMO-Importer) for their research and documentation on the format. To [codestation](https://github.com/codestation) for [mhtools](https://github.com/codestation/mhtools).
And CAPCOM, for making the games.

Thanks again to [*&](https://github.com/AsteriskAmpersand) for their help fixing normals.

Special thanks to [IncognitoMan](https://github.com/IncognitoMan) for giving some inspiration for this, without him asking about it, probably MHFU support wouldn't be a thing.

Commit message:

Normals/Edges/Uvs fixed +Started implementing support for custom properties +Rewrite index generation to something that makes sense

README.md, after:

# MHFU/P3rd PMO Exporter

## Overview

Blender 3.6 addon to export models for the games Monster Hunter Freedom
Unite and Monster Hunter Portable 3rd for the Sony PSP console.

## Usage

You can get a clue on how to use this with this [pretty bad tutorial](https://youtu.be/qGSAnYVDiW0).

## Known bugs

Monster models for MHP3rd are not working.

## Credits

To [Seth VanHeulen](https://gitlab.com/svanheulen/)'s [(mhfz)](https://gitlab.com/svanheulen/mhff) and [*&](https://github.com/AsteriskAmpersand)'s [(PMO Importer)](https://github.com/AsteriskAmpersand/PMO-Importer) for their research and documentation on the format. To [codestation](https://github.com/codestation) for [mhtools](https://github.com/codestation/mhtools).
And CAPCOM, for making the games.

Thanks again to [*&](https://github.com/AsteriskAmpersand) for their help fixing normals, uvs and edges (and a lot of blender stuff).

Special thanks to [IncognitoMan](https://github.com/IncognitoMan) for giving some inspiration for this, without him asking about it, probably MHFU support wouldn't be a thing.
